# Comment by @sheawinkler

**Date:** 2026-04-04T19:37:13Z

---

This is what I created a while back. Agents / LLMs post to my application, it handles connecting ideas-topics-learnings-tasks, and providing packaged results when agents/llms search for context. I have my agents setup to begin and end with searches and logs to the app. Ultimately it can also be used to package context with a subagent for well specified tasks. This functionality is still beta.

for the sake of data volume, i also added indexed cold storage and weekly deduping - my architecture duplicates agent data and project data across different backend databases and when ollama receives a request it queries all of them simultaneously for best results
raw input goes to mongodb and is distributed from there to the more intelligent databases
single i/o http endpoint
visuals: look, it's not as pretty as obsidian but it has a dashboard with mindmap featuring live-data retrieval w/ mind-map interaction written in rust. will work on this 
current work: upgrading internal model to qwen3.5-9b-opus-4.6-distilled and releasing premium version with specialized tuning 
______
docker application so no setup required. 
just tell your agents / llms to communicate with it over the selected http port on your local
______
kinda like if you gave obsidian an inference layer. but then also utilized RAG, Graph, Vector, and semantic services to provide a meta RAG for your prompts
______
## [Context Lattice](https://github.com/sheawinkler/contextlattice)
run it locally: `gmake quickstart`

